Add some security considerations for cookie values. (#439)
tlswg/draft-ietf-tls-esni: draft-ietf-tls-esni.md

this can deduce that the ECH-enabled connection was made to a host that the
client previously connected to and which is within the same anonymity set.

## Cookies

> Section 4.2.2 of {{RFC8446}} defines a cookie value that servers may send in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{Section 4.2.2 of RFC8446}} defines a cookie value that servers may send in
```

Author: This new feature makes me so happy. :-)

> HelloRetryRequest for clients to echo in the second ClientHello. These values
> are sent unencrypted in ECH. This means differences in cookies between backend
> servers, such as lengths or cleartext components, may leak information about
> the server identity.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
HelloRetryRequest for clients to echo in the second ClientHello. While ECH
encrypts the cookie in the second ClientHelloInner, the backend server's
HelloRetryRequest is unencrypted.This means differences in cookies between
backend servers, such as lengths or cleartext components, may leak information
about the server identity.
```

Backend servers in an anonymity set SHOULD NOT reveal information in the cookie
which identifies the server. This may be done by handling HelloRetryRequest
statefully, thus not sending cookies, or by using the same cookie construction
for all backend servers.

Note that, if the cookie includes a key name, analogous to Section 4 of
{{?RFC5077}}, this may leak information if different backend servers issue
cookies with different key names at the time of the connection. In particular,
if the deployment operates in Split Mode, the backend servers may not share
cookie encryption keys. Backend servers may mitigate this by either handling
key rotation with trial decryption, or coordinating to match key names.

> [[OPEN ISSUE: If we land #422, replace "These values are sent unencrypted in
> ECH" with "While ECH encrypts the cookie in the second ClientHelloInner, the
> backend server's HelloRetryRequest is unencrypted."]]
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
